Add contributing document (#488)
devcontainers/features: CONTRIBUTING.md

**Thanks for taking the time to contribute! ❤️**

All types of contributions are encouraged and valued, no matter if it's a bug
report 🐛, a feature request 💡, or a Pull Request 🚀.

> - **❓ I have a question:** [Open an Issue]

Author: Done in https://github.com/jcbhmr/features/commit/8b585825b220178c9f9a1ca2fa815f1551d011b9

> - **❓ I have a question:** [Open an Issue]

Author: Which bullets do you want mapped to which links? Should _all_ be mapped to "ask in our slack channel?" 🤔 Right now it's

- question = slack
- bug = issue
- idea = issue
- code = pr

> - **❓ I have a question:** [Open an Issue]

Reviewer: Oops! Pasted an incorrect screenshot.
Referring to `question = slack`

> - **❓ I have a question:** [Open an Issue]

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/jcbhmr/features/commit/b1f61abb2f69d9f14ee4d511d046c08c8b064572

- **🐛 I found a bug:** [Open an Issue]
- **💡 I have an idea:** [Open an Issue]
- **💻 I want to code:** See below

If you like the project, but just don't have time to contribute, that's OK too!
You can also star the project ⭐, rave about it online 💬, or add a link to us
🔗 in your project's readme.

> ⚠️ You must never report security 🔒 related issues, vulnerabilities or bugs

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if we need this. If it's a Microsoft-related security issue, this makes sense, but security issues may be beyond Microsoft as dev containers are more agnostic.

cc @chrmarti @alexdima for any input

including sensitive information to the issue tracker, or elsewhere in public.
Instead, please [report them to the Microsoft Security Response Center]. You can
read more about our security policy in [`SECURITY.md`].

## Contributing code

> 👨‍💼 This repository is a collection of devcontainer features managed by

Reviewer 2: We refer to dev containers as 2 words, so it'd be fantastic if you could update this PR to refer to them as "dev containers" 😄

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/jcbhmr/features/commit/d7861eee339f77ce5b5762a3fe84baed642ecaca

> devcontainer spec maintainers. Even though **we do not accept new features in

Reviewer 2: Also wording nit: We capitalize "Features" 😄

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/jcbhmr/features/commit/d7861eee339f77ce5b5762a3fe84baed642ecaca

this repository**, we welcome contributions to [our existing features]!

> 🚀 If you're looking to create a new feature, we encourage you to [create your

Reviewer 2: Would recommend linking to the feature-starter repo: https://github.com/devcontainers/feature-starter.

Author: Is it sufficient to link here?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61068799/225144792-8431d0db-f852-4003-a83b-e247ca9b51a6.png)

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/jcbhmr/features/commit/b3f4b8b975087af2029bea3581dcb15747bbbb74

own feature repository] and add it to the index in [`collection-index.yml`].

👷‍ If you've identified an issue and you want to fix it, here's how you can get
started:

1. 🔀 Fork the repo
2. 💻 Open the repo in your editor
3. 👨‍💻 Add your changes to your workspace
4. ✨ Run the tests to make sure everything works
5. 🔖 Commit & push your changes
6. 🔁 Open a PR to get your changes merged
7. 🚀 Profit!

👩‍⚖️ When contributing code to this project, you may be asked to agree to our

> [Contributor License Agreement].

Reviewer 2: Also not sure about this for potentially more agnostic contributions, cc @chrmarti @alexdima

Reviewer 3: Replied more generally above.

**Thanks for taking the time to contribute! ❤️**

All types of contributions are encouraged and valued, no matter if it's a bug
report 🐛, a feature request 💡, or a Pull Request 🚀.

- **❓ I have a question:** Ask in [our Slack channel]
- **🐛 I found a bug:** [Open an Issue]
- **💡 I have an idea:** [Open an Issue]
- **💻 I want to code:** See below

If you like the project, but just don't have time to contribute, that's OK too!
You can also star the project ⭐, rave about it online 💬, or add a link to us
🔗 in your project's readme.

⚠️ You must never report security 🔒 related issues, vulnerabilities or bugs
including sensitive information to the issue tracker, or elsewhere in public.
Instead, please [report them to the Microsoft Security Response Center]. You can
read more about our security policy in [`SECURITY.md`].

## Contributing code

> 👨‍💼 This repository is a collection of dev container Features managed by dev
> container spec maintainers. Even though **we do not accept new Features in this
> repository**, we welcome contributions to [our existing Features]!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
👨‍💼 This repository is a collection of dev container Features managed by dev
container spec maintainers. This repository will **only accept improvements and bug fixes** for the [current set of maintained Features](https://github.com/devcontainers/features/blob/main/src)
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/jcbhmr/features/commit/1a50ace247e56b9186609e9d76bef24666295bac

> 🚀 If you're looking to create a new Feature, we encourage you to [create your
> own Feature repository] and add it to the index in [`collection-index.yml`].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🚀 If you're looking to create a new Feature, then we encourage adding it to a separate repository of your control. The [devcontainers/feature-starter](https://github.com/devcontainers/feature-starter) repository has more guidance on self authoring Features.

💡 Once you've self authored the Features and if you'd like to share them with the community, then we'd recommend [adding it to the index](https://github.com/devcontainers/feature-starter#adding-features-to-the-index).
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/jcbhmr/features/commit/1a50ace247e56b9186609e9d76bef24666295bac

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/jcbhmr/features/commit/b3f4b8b975087af2029bea3581dcb15747bbbb74

👷‍ If you've identified an issue and you want to fix it, here's how you can get
started:

1. 🔀 Fork the repo
2. 💻 Open the repo in your editor
3. 👨‍💻 Add your changes to your workspace

> 4. ✨ Run the tests to make sure everything works

Reviewer: Can we add a reference link to https://github.com/devcontainers/cli/blob/main/docs/features/test.md? thanks!

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/jcbhmr/features/commit/3aa8264f0cabb849ba3487028a27803a67cac91d

5. 🔖 Commit & push your changes

> 6. 🔁 Open a PR to get your changes merged

Reviewer: Can we add a note that every PR should include a change to the `version` field of the updated Feature? It should be bumped by following semantic versioning.

Sample - x.y.x
x: major version - Breaking change/ Backwards compat
y: minor version - Adding a new Feature option/capability
z: patch version - Bug fixes

Author: Like this? https://github.com/jcbhmr/features/commit/b16118266583ed22626e8fe7ef68be091c491a4d

Instead, please [report them to the Microsoft Security Response Center]. You can
read more about our security policy in [`SECURITY.md`].

## Contributing code

👨‍💼 This repository is a collection of dev container Features managed by dev
container spec maintainers. This repository will **only accept improvements and
bug fixes** for the [current set of maintained Features].

🚀 If you're looking to create a new Feature, then we encourage adding it to a
separate repository of your control. The [devcontainers/feature-starter]
repository has more guidance on self authoring Features.

💡 Once you've self authored the Features and if you'd like to share them with
the community, then we'd recommend [adding it to the index].

👷‍ If you've identified an issue and you want to fix it, here's how you can get
started:

1. 🔀 Fork the repo
2. 💻 Open the repo in your editor
3. 👨‍💻 Add your changes to your workspace
4. ✨ [Test your changes using `devcontainer features test`] to make sure
   everything still works
5. 🆚 Bump the version of the feature you changed according to [semver]
6. 🔖 Commit & push your changes
7. 🔁 Open a PR to get your changes merged
8. 🚀 Profit!

> 

Author: This OK? Or did you want to remove/reformat this part more? https://github.com/jcbhmr/features/commit/27baabc871e8d7620434df6cfa58efcb50af5b1f

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61068799/225726889-0e2cc016-9ce5-49bb-a39d-d62e4e315539.png)

> 

Reviewer: Looks good!
